Update README.md to add Create Next App (#15)
lachlanjc/next-theme-starter: README.md

## Usage

> 1. Import this repo to your coding environment of choice. Download it, `git clone`, use Create Next App (`yarn create next-app -e https://github.com/lachlanjc/next-theme-starter`),  or use the GitHub import on CodeSandbox (or repl.it, Glitch, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Import this repo to your coding environment of choice. [Download a zip](https://github.com/lachlanjc/next-theme-starter/archive/refs/heads/main.zip), use Create Next App (`yarn create next-app -e https://github.com/lachlanjc/next-theme-starter`),  or use the GitHub import on CodeSandbox/repl.it/Glitch/etc.
```

2. `yarn` to install dependencies.
3. `yarn dev` to start your server.
4. Start adding your own pages & components in their respective directories.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
